-------------------Interview Preparation Review-------------------------

----->Appropriate

1.Comfortable fit
2.Neat, Clean, Ironed
3.Dull muted colors(eg. Blue, Black, Grey, Brown, other colors can also be included but avoid too bright & florescent colors) Shirt is expected to be tucked in at all
4.times High necklines in Indian wear for women
5.Wear long kurtas, below knee length On a more important formal day in office; Males can add tie to their attire.
6.Females can add scarf to their western
7.attire or dupatta to their Indian attire. Shoes, belts, bags to be in dull muted colour. Can be in same color or color family. (eg. Blue, Black, Grey, Brown)

----->Tell me something about yourself/Introduce yourself/ Walk me through your CV
POINTS TO MENTION
1.Name Educational Qualification Work Experience Extra certificates/Courses
2.Strengths, Hobbies 
3.Family Background

----->Common Questions
1.Do you want to go for higher education?
2.You might have to work on Sundays/night shifts. Would you still take the job?
3.Are you willing to relocate?
4.Will you be okay to work for 12 hours?
5.Are you comfortable with targets?
6.If we ask you to sign a contract with us, will you go for it?
7.Is money important to you?
8.Are you comfortable working as a Tester?
9.There will be a lot of pressure. How will you handle it?
10.Your job role might include speaking with the clients and pitching them our products. Will you be able to do it?
11.Tell me about the time when you have worked with someone whose personality is very different from yours? How did you handle conflicts arising due to that?
12.What do you do to keep yourself updated on new technologies? What have you recently done to improve your programing skills?

------>Questions related to your projects
1.Can you talk in depth about your final semester project?
2.What were some challenges you faced? How did you overcome them?
3.Can you work well in a team? Give examples?
4.Was the project you finally submitted similar to the proposal? If no, how or why did it evolve?
5.What was your role in the project?
6.Did you lead your project team? What technologies did did you use dunng your project?
7.Rate yourself on C,C++, Java, HTML, CSS out of 10.
8.Interviewers generally ask these questions to check your attitude. Be positive and state views/ opinions without getting on any side. Don't state anything negative even if the HR provokee.
